Adding note to sbom-validate about the output path (#922)
microsoft/sbom-tool: docs/sbom-tool-cli-reference.md

     `-o` is the output path where the tool will write the validation results. This path can be any file path on the system. In this case the tool will look for the validationOutputPath directory, create a file named output.json, and write the validation output.
     `-mi` is the ManifestInfo, which provides the user's desired name and version of the manifest format.

> NOTE: The output path should not be in the same drop path as specified in the generate command, otherwise the validation file will be added to the files to validate. The first validation will report SUCCESS but then other validate commands after it will fail.  This is because the validation file has been added in the drop path location and it will no longer validate because it detects that your validate output file has been injected into your drop path.

Reviewer: Great callout, @Ninja4Code! This feels like something that we should treat as an error condition in a future breaking change. Here's a suggested rewording that also follows our "one space after a period" standard that we try to maintain:
```suggestion
NOTE: Do not specify an output path that is within the drop path, because the resulting output file will _change the set of files in the drop path_. The first validation will succeed, but subsequent validations will fail because the newly added file is not reflected in the SBOM. This may be treated as an error condition in future versions of the tool.
```

If you would also update the wording for the tool itself, that would be great. Instead of `The path where the output json should be written. ex: Path/output.json`, let's go with `The path where the output json should be written. Do not specify a path within your BuildDropPath. ex: Path/output.json.` in the following locations:
- https://github.com/microsoft/sbom-tool/blob/main/src/Microsoft.Sbom.Api/Config/Args/ValidationArgs.cs#L36-L37
- https://github.com/microsoft/sbom-tool/blob/main/docs/sbom-tool-arguments.md?plain=1#L23
